This is the Asgardian
refugee vessel Statesman.
Our crew is made up
of Asgardian families.
We have very few soldiers here.
This is not a warcraft.
I repeat, this is
not a warcraft.
Hear me and rejoice.
You have had the privilege
of being saved
by the Great Titan.
You may think this is suffering.
No.
It is salvation.
Universal scales
tip toward balance
because of your sacrifice.
Smile.
For even in death,
you have become
Children of Thanos.
I know what it's like to lose.
To feel so desperately
that you're right...
yet to fail, nonetheless.
It's frightening.
Turns the legs to jelly.
But I ask you, to what end?
Dread it,
run from it...
destiny arrives all the same.
And now, it's here.
Or should I say...
I am.
You talk too much.
The Tesseract.
Or your brother's head.
I assume you have a preference.
Oh, I do.
Kill away.
All right, stop!
We don't have the Tesseract.
It was destroyed on Asgard.
You really are
the worst brother.
I assure you, brother...
the sun will shine on us again.
Your optimism is
misplaced, Asgardian.
Well, for one thing,
I'm not Asgardian.
And for another...
we have a Hulk.
Let him have his fun.
Allfathers...
let the dark magic flow
through me one last...
time.
That was a mistake.
No!
You're going to die for that.
Shh.
My humble personage...
bows before your grandeur.
No other being has
ever had the might...
nay, the nobility...
to wield not one, but
two Infinity Stones.
The universe lies
within your grasp.
There are two more
stones on Earth.
Find them, my children, and
bring them to me on Titan.
Father, we will not fail you.
If I might interject.
If you're going to Earth,
you might want a guide.
I do have a bit of
experience in that arena.
If you consider
failure experience.
I consider experience
experience.
Almighty Thanos...
I, Loki, prince of Asgard...
Odinson...
the rightful king
of Jotunheim...
god of mischief...
do hereby pledge to you...
my undying fidelity.
Undying?
You should choose
your words more carefully.
You...
will never be...
a god.
No!
No resurrections this time.
No. Loki.
Seriously, you don't
have any money?
Attachment to the material is
detachment from the spiritual.
I'll tell the guys at the deli.
Maybe they'll make you a
metaphysical ham on rye.
Oh. Wait, wait, wait.
I think I have 200.
Dollars?
- Rupees.
- Which is?
Uh, buck and a half.
What do you want?
I wouldn't say
no to a tuna melt.
Thanos is coming.
He's coming.
Who?
Vers to Starforce command,
do you read me?
Hello?
Do you copy?
Hi. I'm Vers.
Kree Starforce.
Is this C-53?
Do you understand me?
Is my universal translator working?
Yeah. I understand you.
Oh, good.
Are you in charge of
security for this district?
Sort of. Uh, the movie
theater has its own guy.
Where can I find
communications equipment?
Thank you.
Vers?
- Come in! Vers?
- We're sorry.
A long-distance
company access code
is required--
Hey, rookie!
Go talk to the rent-a-cop.
Did you call this in?
Beacon activated.
Excuse me, miss.
You know anything about
a lady blowing a hole...
through the roof of that
Blockbuster over there?
Witness says she was
dressed for laser tag.
Oh.
Yeah, I think she went that way.
Uh, I'd like to ask
you some questions.
Maybe give you the 411
on the late-night drop box.
Could I see some
identification, please?
Vers. Kree Starforce.
We don't carry
our identification
on little cards.
Vers?
Starforce?
How long you plan to be in town?
Oh, I'll be out of your hair...
as soon as I track
down the Skrulls
that are infiltrating
your planet.
Skrulls?
Shapeshifters?
They can transform into
any life-form down to the DNA.
Oh, boy. You guys don't
have any clue, do you?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on.
How do we know you're not
one of those shapeshifters?
Congratulations, Agent Fury.
You have finally asked
a relevant question.
No! Congratulations
to you, Starforce lady.
You're under arrest.
Rook!
Rook, let's roll!
Did you see her weapon?
I did not.
Watch it!
Suspect on northbound train.
In pursuit.
"Trust me, true believer."
"Trust me."
Get off!
Train's heading for
a tunnel up ahead.
Let's greet them at the station.
Mr. Fury, this is Agent Coulson.
Uh, I'm still here
at the Blockbuster.
And, uh, where'd everybody go?
I finished collecting
evidence...
We need an ambulance!
Someone call 911!
Hey! You all right?
Oh, my gosh! Is everyone okay?
Anyone else see that?
Official S.H.I.E.L.D. activity.
Stay back.
Okay.
We're in.
Oh, this place is a maze.
Where's that map?
We're definitely close.
- You ready?
- I'm ready, Daddy.
Are you sure?
'Cause once we're inside,
you show any hesitation
or fear, we're done.
I eat fear for breakfast.
Wow. That is super cool.
Come on.
Look! It's Anton.
He'll show us the way.
Anton, which way do we go?
Thanks, Anton!
Look, the ants have
burrowed into the tech facility.
Oh no, lasers!
Oh! I think I got lased!
The secret vault.
Tell me you brought
the contact lens.
Yup.
Perfect!
Right there.
There! It's the micro-treasure!
My trophy?
It looks like treasure.
Oh, it is to me.
I want to take it
to show-and-tell.
Oh, no, you can't do that.
You can't. It never leaves the house.
It's too important.
This is the best birthday
present you ever got me.
I'm so touched you think
I'm the world's
greatest grandma.
It makes me want
to knit you a sweater.
Oh, no, the fuzz!
Hey, Scotty...
I was looking at the schematics
for the Karapetyan buildings...
and I think we have
way too many security
cameras, don't we?
No, no, not at all.
I mean, 'cause it's a
lot of security cameras.
I know what he needs.
Who's the security
expert in our business?
You are, but I'm running
the company, right?
And if we overquote him...
he's gonna go somewhere else.
I mean, we gotta land this bird.
He ain't goin' anywhere.
And the expression
is "land this fish."
No, it's "land the bird."
Just like you land the plane.
You gotta land the
plane to be in business.
I know it's silly to get hung up
on these kinds
of things, but I do.
How am I gonna land a fish?
It can't walk.
And if it swam up on shore...
and it battled a hawk,
who's gonna win?
You've really turned
me around on this thing.
It's okay.
We're gonna land Karapetyan.
Now, if you just excuse me...
I'm in the middle of trying to
steal something
with my daughter.
I'm gonna go recheck it.
To the escape ant!
Let's bounce before
the po-po come back!
The po-po?
How do you even know that?
Let's fly, Antoinette!
Let's fly!
Crash landing!
Whoo!
I wish we could shrink for real.
Oh. That is pretty cool.
Hey, I'm headed
to the office, Scotty.
And sorry about freaking
out earlier, you know.
But I feel like I'm way better.
My heart is definitely
beating way too hard and stuff.
And my hands are shaking.
But I think it's
unrelated, you know?
It's gonna be great, Luis!
You got nothing to worry about!
Yeah, yeah. I'm the boss.
I'm the boss.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Daddy!
Come on, Woo!
I've got three days left.
Why would I try to escape?
Sorry, Scott, but
rules are rules.
You trip the perimeter
alarm, we search the place.
Keel to stern, soup to nuts.
Thank you.
It was an accident.
My foot went through the fence.
Our flying ant crashed.
Hey, you try and
entertain a 10-year-old
when you can't leave the house.
You know the lengths
that I've gone to?
Close-up magic.
I learned that.
Why can't you just
leave my daddy alone?
Oh, Cassie.
This must all seem
like a bunch of confusing
grown-up stuff to you, huh?
Well, think of it this way.
Your school has rules, right?
Like, you can't
draw on the walls.
Well, your daddy went to Germany
and drew on the walls
with Captain America.
And that was a
violation of Article 16,
Paragraph Three of
the Sokovia Accords.
Now, as a part of
his joint plea deal...
with Homeland Security
and the German government...
he was allowed to
return to the U.S...
provided he serve two
years under house arrest...
followed by three
years of probation.
And avoid any unauthorized
activities, technology...
or contact with any former
associates who were...
or currently are in
violation of said Accords.
Or any related statutes.
Okay, sweetie?
Wow.
You're really great with kids.
Thanks.
I'm also a youth pastor.
Anyway, not to be
a Johnny ask-a-lot...
but you haven't had any contact
with Hank Pym or Hope
Van Dyne, have you?
- No.
- You sure?
Because it's only a matter
of time before we get 'em.
It was their tech, so they
violated the Accords, too.
And associating with
them breaks your deal.
And, uh, I don't
need to remind you...
that any violation
of your agreement
means 20 years in prison.
Minimum.
I haven't talked to
Hank or Hope in forever.
They hate his guts.
Thanks, peanut.
How'd you do it, Scott?
Do what?
The card trick.
Seriously?
Oh, my God!
You people can't
just show up here
whenever you want
and search the place.
Actually, they can.
You need a warrant.
Actually, they don't.
Really? Wow.
Did you pack your soccer shoes?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Next time I see you
will be on the outside.
All right.
Oh, get on the inside of this.
Hey, three days. Seriously...
- I'm proud of you, bud.
- Thank you.
You know what?
Give me another one.
Me too!
Gosh! Freedom!
New business!
I am sensing greatness.
I had a fun weekend, Daddy.
Me too, peanut.
But just wait till next weekend.
Once I'm outta here,
you and I are gonna
go paint this town red.
We'll have so much ice cream,
we'll never stop puking.
You're gettin' good at that.
How'd you do that?
- Bye, Daddy.
- Bye.
Three days.
Easy-peasy.
Snap your fingers.
That gets them to look over there.
And that is misdirection.
We had a dream
We'd go travelin' together
We'd spread a little lovin'
then we'd keep movin' on
Easy-peasy.
Where are you?
Everything that you know...
Lost...
in the quantum realm.
What?
I'm gonna find you, Jellybean.
I found you!
You always find me, Mommy.
What the hell?
Hey, Hank!
It's been a while.
Um, I don't even know if
this is your number anymore.
And I'm probably the last person
you wanna hear from.
But I just had a
really weird dream.
And I know that doesn't
sound like an
emergency or anything...
but it just felt very real.
I was back in the
quantum realm...
and I think I saw your wife.
And then I was your wife.
I mean, not in a
weird way or anything.
You know,
hearing this out loud,
I'm thinking, uh,
it's not an emergency.
I'm sorry to bother you.
I'm sorry for a lot of things.
Nice scuba suit.
Lighten up, honey, huh?
Got a smile for me?
Freak.
All life on Earth is carbon-based.
Not this guy.
Whatever he runs on,
it's not on the periodic table.
You're saying he's
not from around here?
Hey, how's your eye?
Well, I'd say fine...
but it can't believe
what it's seeing.
You say this thing
looked like Coulson?
Mmm. Talked like him, too.
And the woman said
that there were more?
The word she used
was "infiltration."
You believe her?
Not till I saw this.
What's your plan?
I'll find Blockbuster girl.
I got word on a motorcycle thief
that fits her description.
If she can tell us why
these lizards are here...
maybe she can tell us
how to kick 'em to the curb.
Good.
Do it alone, though.
We can't trust anyone.
Not even our own men.
Yes, sir.
Wow. They're ugly
bastards, aren't they?
Yeah, well, he's
no Brad Pitt, sir.
Safe journey to the
beyond, my friend.
I will finish what we started.
I wouldn't get too
close there, boss.
No one in or out.
That means, one tiny atom
in my fingernail could be...
Could be one,
little, tiny universe.
Hope?
Is this another dream?
Do you think it was a dream...
or is it possible that you
really saw my mom down there?
I'm not sure.
I can't be here!
I'm under house arrest!
They won't open while the
system's engaged, Scott.
You have to take me home.
They could show up any second!
Relax. As far as your
nanny cops know,
you're still at home.
Whoa!
Scotty?
He's programmed to
replicate your daily routine.
Nine hours in bed.
Five hours in front of the TV.
Two hours in the bathroom,
whatever that's about.
That's totally inaccurate.
And how do you know
about my daily routine?
Are you spying on me?
We keep tabs on all
security threats, all right?
And so far the biggest
one we've had is you.
I'm sorry about Germany.
They just showed up.
They said it was a
matter of national security.
That Cap needed help, so...
Cap?
Tain America. Captain. Cap.
It's what we call him.
If you're a friend.
I'm not saying I'm a friend of...
A little, I know him.
He's nice. Whatever.
I'm sorry! All right?
I didn't think I'd get caught.
You didn't think
about a lot of things.
How's Hank?
We're still running.
The house is gone, so is our freedom.
How do you think he is?
I'm sorry.
I know you're mad.
I'm not looking for
an apology, Scott.
The only reason why
we're even talking is...
because we need
what's in your head.
Is this where you're living?
If you need help or money
or something, maybe I can...
We're fine.
Hey, Hank.
Look, I just wanna...
Save it!
- Can we start?
- Yeah.
So, while you were
relaxing at home...
we were building this.
It's a tunnel.
To the quantum realm.
To my mom.
We think she might
still be down there.
We just don't know where.
What?
If we can pinpoint
my mom's location...
then the pod can take
me down to get her.
You built all this and
you don't even know
if she's alive?
It's called a hypothesis.
Last night, we powered up
the tunnel for the first time.
It was overloaded
and it shut down.
But for a split second,
the doorway to the
quantum realm was opened.
And?
And five minutes later, you
called, talking about Mom.
We think when you
were down there,
you may have entangled with her.
Hank, I would never do that.
I respect you too much.
Quantum entanglement, Scott.
We think she might have put
some kind of a
message in your head.
Hopefully, a location.
And opening the
tunnel triggered it.
Your mom put a
message in my head?
Come on.
That's insane.
No, Scott.
Insane is going to Germany
without telling us, and
fighting the Avengers.
Just tell me you weren't
lying about the suit you took.
Tell me you really destroyed it.
I did, I destroyed it, I swear.
I can't believe you
destroyed my suit!
That was my life's work!
What was I supposed to do?
You were supposed
to not take my suit!
I'm sorry, Hank!
I'm sorry I took the suit.
I'm sorry that I
called last night.
I don't remember
seeing Janet down there.
I wish that I did.
I just had a dream about her
playing hide-and-seek
with a little girl.
What?
I had a dream.
She was playing
hide-and-seek with a little girl.
Cassie and I do it all the time.
Doesn't mean anything.
But was it Cassie in the dream?
No.
Where was she hiding?
- What?
- The little girl.
Where was she hiding?
Was it in a wardrobe?
No, it was in a tall dresser.
You mean a wardrobe.
Is that what that's called?
What color was it?
Red.
Were there horses on it?
Oh, boy.
It's where I hid every
time that we played.
It doesn't sound like
you really got the
gist of the game.
She's alive.
I knew it.
I knew it!
We need to get that part.
Okay.
The sooner we get
the tunnel working...
the sooner we can get this
message out of his head.
Does Burch have it?
- Yeah. Let's go.
- What part?
Who's Burch? Wait.
What's happening?
We need a component
to stop the tunnel
from overloading again.
I grabbed your clothes.
You might want to change.
Look, I'd really
like to help you...
but if I'm not at
home when they come
to take off my ankle monitor...
then I'm going away forever.
Once we get the component
and power up the tunnel...
we'll get the message, and
have you home by lunch.
We have to hurry.
The entanglement won't last.
You owe us.
All right, fine.
But can I just wait inside?
Because I'm not
supposed to be out here.
Let's go.
Slow down, slow down.
I'll spell it out for you.
You're totally rambling.
- No, I'm not.
- You lost me.
Look, you know how
you're having a dream,
and in the dream you gotta pee.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
And then you're
like, "Oh, my God.
"There's no bathrooms.
What am I gonna do?
- "Oh, someone's watching."
- Right.
"Oh, I'm gonna go in my pants."
And then you wake
up and in real life
you actually have to pee.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Everybody has that.
Right, that's the point
I'm trying to make.
Apropos of that, last
night I dreamt we had a kid.
It was so real.
We named him after
your eccentric uncle.
Uh, what was his name?
- Right.
- Morgan! Morgan.
- So you woke up...
- Naturally.
...and thought that we were...
- Expecting.
- Yeah.
- Yes?
- No.
I had a dream about it.
It was so real.
If you wanted to have a kid...
you wouldn't have done that.
I'm glad you brought
this up, 'cause it's nothing.
It's just a housing
unit for nanoparticles.
You're not helping
your case, okay?
No, this is detachable.
It's not a...
You don't need that.
I know, I had the surgery.
I'm just trying to protect us...
and future usses and that's it.
Just in case there's a
monster in the closet.
- Instead of, you know...
- Shirts.
You know me so well.
- God.
- You finish all my sentences.
You should have
shirts in your closet.
Yeah.
You know what there should be?
No more surprises.
We're gonna have
a nice dinner tonight.
Show off this Harry Winston.
Right?
And we should have no more surprises. Ever.
I should promise you.
- Yes.
- I will.
Thank you.
Tony Stark.
I'm Doctor Stephen Strange.
I need you to come with me.
Oh, uh, congratulations
on the wedding, by the way.
I'm sorry, you giving
out tickets to something?
We need your help.
It's not overselling
it to say that
the fate of the
universe is at stake.
And who's "we"?
Hey, Tony.
Bruce.
- Pepper.
- Hi.
- Oh.
- You okay?
At the dawn of the universe,
there was nothing. Then...
Boom.
The Big Bang sent
six elemental crystals...
hurtling across
the virgin universe.
These Infinity Stones
each control an essential
aspect of existence.
Space.
Reality.
Power.
Soul.
Mind.
And Time.
Tell me his name again.
Thanos.
He's a plague, Tony.
He invades planets.
He takes what he wants.
He wipes out half
the population.
He sent Loki.
The attack on New York,
that's him.
This is it.
What's our timeline?
No telling.
He has the Power and Space Stones.
That already makes him
the strongest creature
in the whole universe.
If he gets his hands
on all six stones, Tony...
He could destroy life
on a scale hitherto undreamt of.
Did you seriously just
say "hitherto undreamt of"?
Are you seriously leaning on
the Cauldron of the Cosmos?
Is that what it is?
I'm going to allow that.
If Thanos needs all
six, why don't we just
stick this one down
a garbage disposal?
No can do.
We swore an oath to protect
the Time Stone with our lives.
And I swore off dairy...
but then Ben & Jerry's
named a flavor after me.
- Stark Raving Hazelnuts.
- Not bad.
A bit chalky.
A Hunk of Hulk of Burning
Fudge is our favorite.
- That's a thing?
- Whatever.
Point is, things change.
Our oath to protect the
Time Stone cannot change.
And this stone may be the best
chance we have against Thanos.
Yeah, so conversely,
it may also be his
best chance against us.
Well, if we don't do our jobs.
What is your job exactly?
Besides making balloon animals.
Protecting your
reality, douchebag.
Okay, guys.
Could we table this discussion right now?
The fact is we have this stone.
We know where it is.
Vision is out there somewhere
with the Mind Stone...
and we have to find him now.
Yeah, that's the thing.
What do you mean?
Two weeks ago, Vision
turned off his transponder.
He's offline.
- What?
- Yeah.
Tony, you lost
another super-bot?
I didn't lose him.
He's more than that. He's evolving.
Who could find Vision then?
Shit.
Probably Steve Rogers.
Oh, great.
Maybe.
But...
Call him.
It's not that easy.
God, we haven't caught
up in a spell, have we?
No.
The Avengers broke up.
We're toast.
Broke up?
Like a band? Like...
Like the Beatles?
Cap and I fell out hard.
We're not on speaking terms.
Tony, listen to me.
Thor's gone.
Thanos is coming.
It doesn't matter who
you're talking to or not.
Flip phone.
Say, Doc, you
wouldn't happen to be
moving your hair, would ya?
Not at the moment, no.
You okay?
- Help him!
- Banner!
- Wong! Look alive!
- Go, go! We got it!
Friday, what am I looking at?
Not sure. I'm working on it.
Hey! You might wanna
put that Time Stone
in your back pocket, Doc!
Might wanna use it.
Ned, hey.
I need you to cause a distraction.
Holy shit.
We're all gonna die!
There's a spaceship!
- What's going on?
- Oh, my God!
What's the matter with you kids?
You never seen a
spaceship before?
Friday, evac anyone
south of 43rd Street.
Notify first responders.
Will do.
Hear me and rejoice.
You are about to die
at the hands of the
Children of Thanos.
Be thankful...
that your meaningless
lives are now contributing...
I'm sorry, Earth
is closed today.
You better pack it
up and get outta here.
Stonekeeper.
Does this chattering
animal speak for you?
Certainly not.
I speak for myself.
You're trespassing in
this city and on this planet.
He means get lost, Squidward.
He exhausts me.
Bring me the stone.
Banner, you want a piece?
Mmm, no, not really.
But when do I ever
get what I want?
That's right.
Okay. Push!
It's been a while.
It's gonna be good
to have you, buddy.
Okay. Shh.
Let me just...
I need to concentrate here for a second.
Come on, come on, man.
God!
Where's your guy?
I don't know.
We've sorta been having a thing.
- It's no time for a thing.
- I know.
That's the thing right there.
Let's go.
Dude, you're embarrassing
me in front of the wizards.
Tony, I'm sorry.
Either I can't or he won't.
It's okay.
Hey, stand down.
Keep an eye on him. Thank you.
- I have him.
- Damn it.
Where'd that come from?
It's nanotech.
You like it?
A little something I...
Doctor Banner, if the
rest of your green friend
won't be joining us...
Gotta get that stone
outta here, now.
It stays with me.
Exactly. Bye.
Tony, you okay?
- How we doing? Good? Bad?
- Really, really good.
Really good.
Do you plan on helping out?
I'm trying. He won't come out.
Hammer.
Come on, Hulk!
What are you doing to me?
Come out! Come out! Come out!
No!
What do you mean, "no"?
Hey, man. What's up, Mr. Stark?
- Kid, where'd you come from?
- A field trip to MoMA.
Uh, what is this guy's
problem, Mr. Stark?
Uh, he's from space.
He came here to steal a
necklace from a wizard.
Your powers are quaint.
You must be
popular with children.
It's a simple spell
but quite unbreakable.
Then I'll take it
off your corpse.
You'll find removing a dead
man's spell troublesome.
You'll only wish you were dead.
No!
Kid, that's the wizard.
Get on it.
On it!
Not cool.
Gotcha!
Wait!
Uh, Mr. Stark, I'm
being beamed up.
Hang on, kid.
Oh!
Ugh.
Wong, you're invited
to my wedding.
Give me a little juice, Friday.
Unlock 17:A.
Pete, you gotta let go.
I'm gonna catch you.
But you said save the wizard!
I can't breathe.
We're too high up.
You're running out of air.
Yeah. That makes sense.
Mr. Stark, it smells like
a new car in here!
Happy trails, kid.
- Friday, send him home.
- Yep.
Oh, come on!
Boss, incoming
call from Miss Potts.
Tony?
Oh, my God.
Are you all right?
What's going on?
Yeah, I'm fine. I just think
we might have to
push our 8:30 res.
Why?
Just 'cause I'll probably
not make it back for a while.
Tell me you're
not on that ship.
Yeah.
God, no, please tell me
you're not on the ship.
Honey, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I don't
know what to say.
Come back here, Tony.
I swear to God.
- Pep.
- Come back here right now.
Come back.
Boss, we're losing her.
I'm going too.
Oh, my God!
I shoulda stayed on the bus.
Where you going?
The Time Stone's been taken.
The Sanctum remains unguarded.
What will you do?
I'm gonna make a call.